So once again the loopback address of reform is Ford put forward for for We've been told that one cannot
paying the Lupica of a full
and as we can see that is true.
Ken Rato one traced to the loop back of waterfall at the moment it doesn't look like a Rotto one is
sending the traffic anyway.
We don't see the trace route to go to rodded to
do we have that network in IP writing table.
No we don't.
We only have connected and local networks in the IP writing table are we running a rotting protocol
on the router show IP protocols shows us that yes we are running BGP on the router.
Are we learning any routes through BGP.
No.
We only have routes advertised by the local router in the BGP writing table show IP BGP and neighbors.
Do we have a neighbor relationships.
Well we do have a neighbor configured as a to direct to donate to remote Autonomy's system number 65000.
And two it's an external BGP relationship so that it looks good.
The BJP state shows is active.
Is that good or is that bad.
And the answer is that is bad.
It needs to show established for a neighbor relationship to be good.
So be careful on a real BGP router.
All on Jeana's 3 You won't see a blank in the output here packet traces shows a blank which implies
that things are good but when you look at the neighbor relationship we see it as active which is bad.
We don't want an active neighbor relationship.
We want an established neighbor relationship.
So there is the BGP configuration.
Are we able to ping the neighbor.
Yes we can.
So this site looks good.
What about router to so and router to show IP BGP summary Can you see the problem.
What's the problem.
Based on the Southport show IP BGP neighbors 15 1 1 2 shows up as established 8 8 8 8 shows up as active.
The problem is this is the wrong IP address the IP address of Rotto one is a duty to do the dot one
not a two door to door to door 8.
So if we look at the configuration of BGP
what we see is that the wrong neighbor has been configured.